=== greedy {} ===
To be, or not to be;
For thou shalt me more soul and one wouldst the rest.

PETRUCHIO:
Is't possible, there's nothing.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou know of mine own liege, thou art put me from my face to me; I, unlook'd,
And do not how thy wife sound canst, for I know.

PETRUCHIO:
What is the matter for thy wife?

KATHARINA:
Anon, by the face I, how out of war?

PETRUCHIO:
This gentleman was nothing.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, am I that very night.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou know'st my ear.

PETRUCHIO:
Gentlemen, sweet Kate: I am content to be the offence:
Pardon me, if thou know'st my love thou canst.

KATHARINA:
Well, go, thou mustst.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, let me see the event.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis well, Aufidius; if I would not, I'll prove a jest from that.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, let me see't.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, take it not.

KATHARINA:
There is a'er man.

PETRUCHIO:
When I, in good I spake, if thou must call, thy mind, die.

PETRUCHIO:
O.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, Kate, Kate, if thou hadst not, thou say'st it thee; if thou must stand along, thou say'st,
Ay, thou must stand'st not, thou horse, nor to be no:'
 of my woman, sir, nor all too, nor child, nor
I will not send it well.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou say'st thou the maid of mine own is hid:
I am a heart, sweetly, or seven; for it is not:
Then never man or odd, but I'll work thee much.

PETR

=== temperature {'temperature': 0.8} ===
To be, or not to be;
For thou hast flight'd and but food,ain, lived
To answer'st't not as theWere I, as r free mistress.

PETRUCHIO:
Here come the gallant, and
To this break of thee, whilst come from thy opinion!

PRINCE EDWARD:
To her darkened in me tonight?

HORTENSIO:
I must confess it off,
And bedending day, with child is it once again
To honour that did reason that ere this gentlemanithee,
Thou'ld ask me. Now, brother, father, these tender lady
That it please me, and I pardon thee, daughter,
'Tis love that begin, awake,' and noprop his face,
To affections and my my Sibop, both. Behold, thou art a friend to be mad Bianca,
And looks in earnest, a wife by my love's penitent?
See thou not Hastings; what my entreaty, thou have'st it much of thine own boots,
Into the subject to be a forward by thyself, whiles to die,
To beGroom dead; who comes with me? or if
To honour of your pleasure did call a wrong it, we'll plant
This.

TRANIO:
ILet him up with you, and let us see the hour of thy mind.

TRANIO:
O, beast! my lords, Perdita, let's away.

TRANIO:
This, before thy despite of all your him pleaseth haste, they are
monstrous ago, in a reconcileies of profound,
Into they duke thatize them cut out of state: which, on the next we do well
Lest thou wilt. The storm of have said thy suit,
Lest nothing else is your fit of comfort;
No,
I find thee the in that employ'd home;
And now I would have prevail'd my speech:
 I dispossess,--

MARIANA:
O monstrous to my heart,
Who I might be only daughter Tranio?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, who else you have, if a gallant begun,
Be it not a, I mean, a kiss me that thine

=== top_k {'top_k': 40, 'temperature': 1.0} ===
To be, or not to be;
For thou hast undone!

 die at this.
What hath the news true life wounded, away this matter?

GRUMIO:
I pray you, lady, get thee in health; therefore, till I will be content

HORTows.

GRUMIO:
She I have done thy slave; can of God use wise nature never
More that feed the world, which neverness for one word more giddy,
Which ere this woman knomenes and Lord Angelo, was hither indeed
What, was not to make her break upon this blood,
He would not fly when my hand I see where 'twere a brain:
But for the truth an officer truth, every part
Hath given away from his face to beat my soul, and 'long are
A slave's stirs at least now I have done to man: she speaks not still himself
Or all my legs better twice five thousand-bed into
Dost thou wilt blood.

PROSPERO:
O, would he come,
I am too fast son for thy company thee. But come again,
As now, poorittance me
 day the world come to know my way shall.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We pray you, uncle York,
There are no virtuous? stand upon the leave of my love,
If she were no but already.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ah, woman pluck up; away.

KATHARINA:
Thou canst not speak;
orged on charity: why, no soldier, then, why,
Bluteous bulk, and most absolute some speech and looks
Of a bitter thing is one than the water,
Doth with my tongue so tender as my life's trifles.

What death hath been with my heart fair, Kate and my case more care
Than this? Heaven keep your lordship in comfort me at your wife and my
I blush for your grave: but I pray you, let us weep?

BIANCA:
I saw a father indeed.

What I have wish'd goodly seen you?

QUEEN ELIZABELLA Patrician stateless
Which I knew that but well it was.

RICHARD:
I live my brotherhood, since at least

=== top_p {'top_p': 0.9, 'temperature': 1.0} ===
To be, or not to be;
Thou wilt beg thy sharp fame and dress'd betide upon thee,
And renew his present death the fine cease; for I'll suffer
My sister death duteg nimble, I would free honest son three were
And he caught me to me: O, he the view of
This him Bion, and music of this dust and fault,
Call; and when he would give me thy thickest in ourance
To be silent and mine, traitor, straight,
To rouse him, should the well-house jewels'er,
No, nor Ilock excellentate or else:
Yet most cause
Wherein of mine own fifes have a messenger
In the weeds have I cracks blood to my head in pry like a or stir:
She requireds or state my father, nor shout stay.

TRANIO:
He hath been requudge my wanton with sorrow; he
So dop between respect acts; do not's cloak the truth;
But sayapt at once fell and overtake Iere out kneel, good despite,
Where being met as sharp to my still affords.

Master conspirator,
DUKE VINCENTIO:
 truth, nothing shalt see your leisure shows out to be book,
And he would count my father with breath in the field
Where
That gives a proud man here--
Who, O, O, 'twere a chaste sir! it shall be my thus utmost good
HaveSet on him pair of; no thought heymphs,
If ere yet she had beat down any thing to part,
 on my life, cross
 hearts toGod me rather draw the there; yet had he'd'd,
Thou art a particular saint worse than Edward's gowns
Than nature.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, the courageous friends,
If swift the moved by poor fools do well buy, be overta'aunting up your free laws with modesty:
Just a lion stock he's pregnant in secret presence
There lies
Falsely inter garments who should to certain enmish it,
Before I longnicious wofulans did rich, the mansion.

MARIANA:
'Tis virtue, and God!

 pleased:
I am another; here's my swift pillars that
Here
My lord

