=== greedy {} ===
To be, or not to be;
For thou shalt me more soul nor one thing I am a friend
That'st I would not have the maid; for thou art either,
Hark ye in thy kindness unto all these are Angelo.

LUCENTIO:
I am going to the word: O, be gone; go,
I'll go to Coventry me by the face of mine.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll visit the business in that but as it.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll go with thee.

LUCIO:
Sir, be gone, I will follow thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, what news?

LUCENTIO:
My tongue goes, old wife.

LUCENTIO:
If this be love, she's not, he means, he's come.

TRANIOALUS:
How choler is't which you are welcome, Hortensio, you are you,
Let them accuse this.

PETRUCHIO:
And you shall be your husband! it is the gentleman that you love you.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, here's your husband, the worship is full of the maid:
Good madam, here is the maid
Sometime in such a sail, Mariana's office, or two fair Bianca
Thou bear me, and I; and therefore pardon thee so much I see's point.

LUCENTIO:
O, thy sharp and hence, thou liest, madam, our turn and this.

GRUMIO:
BAPTISTA:
Why, that is set upon my life in this business now, thou tamed me,
If God's name be so weary so tender, but they are in
thee. Come, sweet Kate, if ever I please my wench,
I love thee not, thou canst, thou shalt be married:
Thou canst love, take King Henry'st me, that thou wilt.

GRUMIO:
O, then, thy master's then, thy master! come.

GRUMIO:
Madam, if you had rather than your grace have, the watch.

KATHARINA:
Well, let me see, and I will go

=== temperature {'temperature': 0.8} ===
To be, or not to be;
For thou hast flight'd and sets, by the Prince lived
Is made a wife that bereft thee from a son I,
 pulse
Would it would not the benefit of souls
Should be hatch'd and to go on my head,--if this present yourself
As if a ten thousand deaths in my body be cheeks
To itself, or I see what thou hast need within my head,
Have been crutks: where wast't with nodding of my child,
Thoughitating with it, time together my brother Clarence!

ISABELLA:
O, what gentlemen,
That it is your brother's cold and her! what noise?

LUCENTIO:
This news?
I was curst and like a good friend, that Marcius,
More exile hath against thy speechless labour's love;
Thy tears will make a foul ways at thy beauty,--
That ever, though mischance of no sight be virtuous,
Thyself the commission.

PETRUCHIO:
O monstrous prerogative:
But didst be nearest, is the one fair a keeper news: the gates, the earth,
If he were a son, when he be competency'd,
More than to look on my life,thought she would he were,
And now to pay what way, here's no speech.
Then, for my then.
What 'tis a match! even this, do that ever see'st
She helps not that to-day, a crutches, how it dothre this night.

ANGELO:
How now, Mariana, bear her silver roundly level;
The one that must be so, or my heartize them both together:
But I am one indeed, and looks with well.

TRANIO:
Why, how can we heartily in that hear you.

GREMIO:
Away, a year is a prophet evil nature, her lips,
That's almost salt water'd by the princess,
That in Christend merit of takest I here, at it!

us, what's pastures she then?

Six i' the appear friends? speak this, true, orator,
What's thy not by that Clarence to have his house nor any place?

GREMIO:
My

=== top_k {'top_k': 40, 'temperature': 1.0} ===
To be, or not to be;
For thou hast undone!

ANGELO:
What hath I heard your piece your office, yourself, and give thanks
To fight, for faith. I'll show her health, that quickly must stand:
O, then be gone, is my liberty.

COMINIUS:
Alack, for wrong you be noble in Pisa,
And see!

 these first eye I do; for you are welcome, find; no;
I never am in time to woo
This sudden and your heart, I'll leave Angelo; marry Edward's side,
To bear the pam sword of our first part or bad sword:
Therefore, farewell.

ANGELO:
O God, make me past such tenderness known i' the sea,
As far as 'tweremptory here is the next way
That you shall go alone.

ANGELO:
Fear not, my fellow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, fellows, doth well we will inform these all.


DUCHIO:
To-morrow! a word, dear horse, to be hanged, within!

VOLUMNIA:
This is the bride, give pern oath, and not anon!

Both:
The slave, the general is worthily!

! traitor, tardy, free, the bold,
Withdraw yourselves: I, to your leave: the most noble doth.
In all at once:
I prit is kill'd to Padua; I'll turn your foolish woe:
That Ily, if you should, was he so evident
To but to o' the world. But come, this tardy, grave.

DUKE OF YORK:
When you did tell me now, ladies, was but perform'd with me
: nay, take upon your leave.

COMINIUS:

What's to do here?

MARIANA:
I did; they say.

MARIANA:
I have broken lead thee to her hundred years'nicious enemy,
Even in my house, but bring me to your countenance.

Lord:
In your company to your goods,--

PRINCE EDWARD:
O my husband!

Lord:


=== top_p {'top_p': 0.9, 'temperature': 1.0} ===
To be, or not to be;
Thou art as thourest thy that king nor sleep or been,
The stopp lights in slander your angry park to run
Your justcked sharperly three poorSupp'st,:
For I forgive my life and wither that deeds shall speak our oath,
Both I in my tongue that beggariled and seek before
And.

TRANIO:
O, she was this for my woe the worse, love, that I should believe thou,
More than I, having, new note, or wanton,
Sp Roman, so come to some witch, and,
The then, tears are purged of few; and therefore, O,
 forty of a wind and foul fill'd candle-years in the youth,
And doing heaven keeps no known to your journey,
And change his hence and fearful of thy faults of
To make the law: howealing, alack.Should now the music attempts.
Where then court'st thou out poor Camillo?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We have lost all this great Petruchio on't.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When the least of all fitting for the Lady unquestion'd
That grandsire to her lease; therefore, and go after,
Let's cuff you first first whither,
'Gives not so my heart garland, if there be heard him thus;
Then we come to over his enemies are come to one sun,
He'sBefore of withdraw's blameful by my traitor's flight and plausible.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How canst thou grant our manners, swearing,
Look for your marriage fit to merelyness and fresh:
'Tis nothing else, noried me to Spless father's absent me;
Yet, as please my, 'twas my name's mind to report:
I mean time it cloudy words should be my by breasts and answer 'longs;
To whom they cannot--for the prison, not for which time
Thou did solicit me out of fury to liberty.

PROSPEROKE VINCENTIO:
Come, give signal to my lie, and let me kiss thy scarlet eye:
I hear no. approach, get thee to the capital time;
My services are to watch with rogue in this land
My mind mis

