=== greedy {} ===
To be, or not to be;
We are fairer than by, have, do you, be swornly--

To no more,--ithee, be speed:
The flowerorn life, that are to meet these age;--that you will bring me to this?


DUKE VINCENTIO:
I do remember me.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who is't, that are the matter?


PROSPERDITA:
Most worthy maid, my lord.



LUCENTIO:
God-bier,
, old ladyship, by day: now, by Angelo, tribunes are you the king so fair a word like itself.


COMINI am a slave:
Who would have been fie, fie, fie! what grace! God! let me know?


DUKE VINCENTIO:
How fares my father.


MARIANAway with you yourself?


TRANIO:
Fie, gentle daughter, noble prince my lord.



MARIANAEdile:
How should you better time be?


TRANIOALONZALUS:
Yet which your good tongue is at much.



GRUMIO:
Ay, but, but call your will Bianca; I pray you, peace be so fair.



PETRUCHIO:
Howe my bawdello, hath this kindness ready?


MENENIUS:
It is an end: but he.



TRANIO:
Why, that's the mustard?



GRUMIO:
Why, that's not you.


Pedant, I thank you.


SICINIOLAN:
What's the matter?


GRUMIO:
We cannot without it, noble father.



TRANIO:
How would you say you, my lord?


TRANIO:
We have been the but a kindly beholding fellow.



TRANIO:
He has the right Vincentioable day, let me know't; if you know:
How shall, Marcius be it as thee? for he's cholericiteous.


=== temperature {'temperature': 0.8} ===
To be, or not to be granted
More Volly Floracles, so I amck'd lived, as shrewdlike force her, by mine own
That first free them out ofness to the honest man of it was such a ere he here
To use
To one half a infant; till I know I cannot be blest to say
Be the crown, I, I'll be a king, how the gaoler isregnable is but
Their honour to't with death misad, or I would beUCENTIO:
He was thus with a devil, with the soul is ordained'd it up your grace, and never
Our third, to become of her as necessary stars,
That reconciled father to your woo.



DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is in worthy which he under his own fault the sun that at home
To do.



TRANIO:
God me, art the king, and gentlemen are thy kindred there,
That Edward's my commission; the king, my soul--this language;
There is for my holpardon's thinks, and this being discipline, my most sovereign,
I would have spoke, to touch the man of the fawning clouds, for my wife's griefs, for my life,
When great violence,The that blowing of you have brought me to my daughter here
To enter still-morrow or my daughter of my brother.
What much upon your buy thoughts are sport in despiteful life then?


DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is, it is impossible I know I, thou the issue of your grace thou shaltied
Shall merriment after this hour, but justice, but purchase out to kings.


SLYORK:
That
 weary other name is unthought well that must be ready; fair than she comes
groom by great himself ever frowns out, so, as great nature is the king,
A lack of it that a evil nature. O, O my wife,
Sit still love his father bears, if perjured, woo'd you both these highness
That is the foul wrongous and the mother such a the resp of my strength:
Who'nointed pierce it this man true king, a Duke of York, is that I youngest daughter?


ELBENVOLUMIO:
 god:
When

=== top_k {'top_k': 40, 'temperature': 1.0} ===
To be, or not to be;
Not King of great, nor child is attend us hence, and here's first first King Edward's blood.


: great Angelo shall be done. What is our worse. Come. Come, let us walk
Thou and thy hang'st too; there stays here life a cause to the same sudden:
This sudden obsequious liege
Is a prettywoman for his head;
Come on, pray you, marry blood and mercy; either we shall ne'er see
No less dwell till he be got him.


 Angelo to the done with him, our blood well-hearted friends.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
This is the first that gives fruit were the mind of death in this point.



LUCENTIO:
Why come, we well strucken, we are all that banish'd say, and none of it, thus thy uncle York;
Gentlemen are thy friend old wife any man, being every drop'd, but by words thou' road.


ISABELLAEdile:
's makesFetch me.



Provost:
In thy heaven a merry, then, if thou give me leave us a fearful man speak
Have now already, where thou hast mean?


 hadst thou not yeta sin: thou'rt an old, a language, foolish wither; it
To you I'll some: it makes thee homely, a little doubt, stay awhile.


CAMILLO:
'T strange proof against thy faith, let's follow me thy God of thee: Ily, stay!


QUEEN MARGARET:
What means this tells me you that time?


Messenger:
We have not been, noble lordship again;
The wretch, if thou hadst not a groansus,
Such old man's thy mind too few, knew'st: but thou hear it first more.


 Romans: 'tis a little fire before thy hat, nature is envious:
Is all foul, and that which is no shrift up all one, she's face, for this idle
My brother's: alack, which though we should yet run mad hence, when they say amen?


GRUMNIA:
Well, then, therefore

=== top_p {'top_p': 0.9, 'temperature': 1.0} ===
To be, or not to beems thee,
From gentle soldiers of sovereign Lady, wanting, or thou shalt revolt with me,,:
Which, how know thou, to prove a vow, I then give me limit but my life.

I would do open me,: onlyuse mine, by earth he strength and highness conceived,
And well indeed, indeed, stabbed myself into my chamber with greater friends.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
My life to bed, lying Socate banish'd with the sole Poor lords:
Now my desert homage, with him; thy Perditauteous heart that;
Come, beseech you, good how heOff'd, hath shown soares beard when he kiss'd
Hisaudio to no nice in this play.imm'd and seeing offence sleep so best,
He would not so fast? O, and O, though well certain that quaint many were still thou art
Thy children'st off from thy quarrel? or ere coward! thou hast many gold-bed; why dost misleading me
The ship to abroad they see this one word; therefore grieve it not my humble thanks
To yourself our very soldier Vincentio's soldiers at the blood of that we vehement;
But say not as if I think it is, enforce a bats and lock'd to him and begin.
First Lord:what shame withal! but she loves thy mind under her? and how now, and then.


etchy: the goodhaveions are they still.


Bina, for mercy of his either in his faction?


TRANIO:
Iswoman:
Marry his boy.


First Lord: but they are at thy Grumio, thy respected manhood'd about thy entrance to die.


 tribunes:
Methinks, and of great fitter eye, when we may makeARD II:
zine lip of immortal publicly, lest her, or go come;
I had been so; come to buz.


 sword, speak, prepare for me.


ed be thou drawn, and repair to Edward.


 Roman lord, whom am I sharpable other spirit?


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where do I should not be mean to-morrow? 'tis with all bound?


DUKE V

